1.) When you type a letter on a keyboard, the computer takes the scan code of the particular letter just typed, 
which instructs the keyboard to search its memory for the image of the particular letter from a font from its 
memory, and then render a pixelated image of the particular letter on screen. 

2.) Computers use inputs as a facilitator of a specific instruction, which leads to a particular action being 
performed. This happens fundamentally through a series of logic gates which, depending on the input and logic 
gates, transmits the message differently to the computer to be translated and then executed. 

3.) Software requires no additional hardware beyond space required for memory. With software, there isnâ€™t a 
defined limit to what could be created on screen, from antivirus programs and app stores to search engines. It can 
act as a great equalizer and bring down cost, or be used in order to generate even more profit, depending on who owns 
the software and the surrounding competition. If someone understands the language of programming, then they 
too could create a software program, which is only limited by the scope of their imagination.

4.) Code becomes software as we inscribe instructions to the computer and the computer carries them out. We 
inscribe these instructions in specific ways so that the computer can fundamentally understand the instructions we 
are attempting to assign to it. This can be done through defining functions, variables, and arguments, which the 
computer then uses to determine and translate an instruction. The computer may group the characters we type into 
tokens so that the computer can analyze the code in the way that we require them to understand. From the functions, 
variables, and arguments, the computer will try to execute an action.

5.) An algorithm is essentially a function that is used in order to solve a problem when the software is executed.
They come in many different forms, ranging in their use, examples including storing information efficiently, or 
carrying out mathematical computations.

6.) The DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle is an idea to keep in mind so that coders and programmers let the 
computers repeat themselves as opposed to the actual programmers. The idea is to name, define, and do things once, 
and let the computer be responsible for the repetition process. This shifts the priority of the programmers to 
defining functions and routines for reuse.

7.) Object-oriented programming is a way to organize your coding. This could allow coders to link data components 
that are related to each other together, instead of keeping them unorganized.

8.) Data at its rudimentary level is information that's created by users, programmers, machines, etc. Because data
creation is essentially limitless, coders have to create data organizers and management systems in order to keep
record of information. 

9.) Frameworks act as a library resourse that can be used in order to reference and use algorithms in order to
create new things and solve certain problems, which people have access to, apply, and at times can contribute to in 
certain cases as well.

10.) Debugging is actively searching, finding, and fixing coding errors that arise from our errors which prevent 
our program from working the way we'd want it to function.

11.) Overcoming the challenges of coding to me is allegorical to overcoming the large issues that communities of
people face. Understanding that the creation of programs, algorithms, and solutions is generally a collaborative 
effort is an encouraging thought because the creativity, experience, and differing perspectives when not in 
competition, but collaborative effort of people working towards a common purpose will yield to unique solutions
that can help as many people as possible, if we consider as many people as possible. I know for myself, skills in 
coding, web development, and data science, would enable me to help my communities in Belize from an environmental, 
and & and well-being perspective, as I help to map out digestible, relevant information for citizens to reference
and use to the benefit of their environment and communities. Additionally, I hope to open STEM jobs for Belizeans, 
which can simultaneously facilitate both conservation efforts and economic growth there.
